---
layout: post
title: "GeoWeek 2019"
date: 2019-10-10
---

In the week from 10th to 16th November, there will be the [Geography Awareness Week](http://osmgeoweek.org/) (short GeoWeek).
Below, I am sharing the invitation from Rachel Levine that reached me through the Geochicas network. Since it is a good opportunity, we will organize a small event in the week, too. More information soon to come. 


>Dear Mappers,
>
>I hope this email finds you well. My name is Rachel Levine and I am the Missing Maps Program Coordinator for the American Red Cross. On behalf of the entire Missing Maps community I wanted to reach out and say a big thank you for your participation in a past OSM Geography Awareness Week (GeoWeek) events! Over the past five years, in partnership with the American Red Cross, MSF, HOT, MapGive, YouthMappers, PEPFAR, and many more, we’ve held hundreds of events and we can't wait to  see what the community can accomplish this year!  For 2019, we’ve really been inspired by young people all over the world and their organizing, today in particular.  Because of that, we’ll be focusing on Climate Change for GeoWeek2019.  We’ll send out more information on the topic & suggested tasks as we get closer to our event dates.
>
>OSM GeoWeek calls on teachers, students, community groups, governments, private sector organizations, and map-lovers around the world to come together to celebrate geography and make maps with OpenStreetMap (OSM), the free and openly editable map of the world. The purpose of this event is to actively contribute to OpenStreetMap. This year, OSM GeoWeek will be held during the week of November 10th - 16th. OSM GeoWeek presents a great opportunity for students and colleagues alike to participate in something both meaningful and fun. As you know, participants don’t need any special expertise, just basic computer skills. Events can be of any size, and registration is easy, just fill out this form and your event will be registered on both the GeoWeek and Missing Maps event pages.  We’ll be updating the OSM GeoWeek website for more information on this year’s events and suggested tasks.  We would love to see your group represented again during OSM GeoWeek!
>
>The Missing Maps project is a joint effort founded by the American Red Cross, British Red Cross, the Humanitarian OpenStreetMap Team and Doctors Without Borders (MSF-UK). The objective of Missing Maps is simple: to map the world's most vulnerable communities so that local and international NGOs, communities, and individuals can use the maps and the data to better prepare for and respond to crises affecting the areas. The project seeks to literally and figuratively put people, and their communities, on the map. Missing Maps takes an open, collaborative, and community-based approach and is powered by the enthusiasm and hard work of digital/remote volunteers. Please see Missing Maps for more information. Since the project started in November 2014, almost 90,000 volunteers have participated. We would love your assistance in helping this number to grow and in celebrating our upcoming 5th birthday, also this November! To learn more about hosting a mapathon please see <http://www.missingmaps.org/host/>.
>
>We hope you can join us again this year! Please share this invitation with your colleagues and networks, and especially students and help us spread the word by using #OSMGeoWeek2019 on social media.  If your organization would like to participate again this year, our networks and the wider Missing Maps network can provide you with the information and materials needed to host a successful mapathon. Regional support is available in some locations, so make sure you register your event.  Please let me know if you have any additional questions and I look forward to hearing back from you!
>
>All the best and happy mapping,
>Rachel Levine
>(on behalf of the OSM Institutions Group and the Missing Maps Partnership)
